This is a trash magic board that is like a typewriter.

notes from the field.  August 9, 2023.  Sloans lake.  Went around sloans lake by bike.  This morning, I got about 100 pounds of trash from happy beetle.  i talked with bryce in austin about building trash magic there locally along a creek called shoal creek.  emailed and messaged with alidasun about quantum art.  note that i should make quantumart.org point to another trash magic server and build an ontology of quantum art and express that using trash magic.  then we can live code that whole ontology as a co-created project.  

THAT is trash magic.  All it has to be is in the magic dump in order to be trash magic, that makes it a digital commons. we can create ontologies for anything.  

but perhaps that's the wrong word, perhaps these are all just networks.  it really might be best called the semantic web, and is closer to that meaning than whatever Tim Bernars Lee has been working on all these years.

So what is next?  
1. making the network of people and things in quantum art, setting up the trash magic server, and building that out and sharing it.
2. adding the free HDMI cables, free USB cables and free power cords to the trash magic product page
3. create a cube full of cards each of which is for the one thing of "make an artist page at sloanslake.art" and then take it down to edgewater public market along with a second cube and try to get the plant shop to take it and distribute it and then distribute the cube as a planter.  document that whole system on the page pointing back to the shop.
4. make a video showing how to make an artists web page for the sloanslake.art page
5. make a mission statement for sloanslake.art which is to maximize the interconnectedness of artists around sloanslake.
6. make an image of sloanslake dot art in github.com/lafelabs/network/sloanslakedotart/
7 with this whole system together, take the flag and a cube and sit by the path. now there's a mission statement! and it's just art co-promotion and artist connection. networking of artists and organizations and people who are relevant to artists.

every page gets a mission statement!!!  trash robot should get a mission statement, as should southplatte.net as should south broadway.net.  the mission is to connect the network of places and people and things.  free things from trash and people and places.  when we connect these things we can let things happen on top of that. But the MISSION of each network is to self-assemble into a network of self-replicating web pages.

pages have missions!!! to create a new mission create a new page!  the mission is to build a network and then replicate it!

very simple!  anarchist ontology engine!

